Remove existing guidance on health endpoint (#1617)
dapr/dotnet-sdk: daprdocs/content/en/dotnet-sdk-docs/dotnet-client/_index.md

- For a full guide on output bindings visit [How-To: Use bindings]({{% ref howto-bindings.md %}}).

### Retrieve secrets

> Prior to retrieving secrets, it's important that the outbound channel be registered and ready or the SDK will be unable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to retrieving secrets, it's important that the "outbound" channel to Daprd be registered and ready or the SDK will be unable
```

Author: Outbound is from daprd to the application, not application to daprd.

to communicate bidirectionally with the Dapr sidecar. The SDK provides a helper method intended to be used for this 

> purpose called `CheckOutboundHealthAsync`. This isn't referring to outbound from the SDK to the runtime, so much as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
purpose called `CheckOutboundHealthAsync`. In this case "outbound" refers to the bi-directional communication channel established by Daprd reaching out to the client application using the SDK.
```

> outbound from the Dapr runtime back into the client application using the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: See previous (also, all these line breaks are there because my IDE doesn't wrap anything, so I manually wrap them at ~180 characters a line).

This method is simply opening a connection to the {{% ref health_api#wait-for-specific-health-check-against-outbound-path %}}
endpoint in the Dapr Health API and evaluating the HTTP status code returned to determine the health of the endpoint 
as reported by the runtime.

> It's important to note that this and the `WaitForSidecarAsync` methods do nearly identical operations: `WaitForSidecarAsync`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that this and the `WaitForSidecarAsync` methods perform nearly identical operations; `WaitForSidecarAsync`
```

> polls the `CheckOutboundHealthAsync` endpoint indefinitely until it returns a healthy status value and they are intended 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
polls the `CheckOutboundHealthAsync` endpoint indefinitely until it returns a healthy status value. They are intended 
```

> exclusively for situations like secrets or configuration retrieval. Using them in other scenarios will result in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exclusively for situations when the Dapr APIs are needed for secrets or configuration retrieval on application startup. Using these methods in other scenarios is not recommended and could result in 
```

> unintended behavior (e.g., the endpoint never being ready because there are no registered components that use an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unintended behavior (e.g., the endpoint never becoming ready because there are no registered components that use an 
```

## Sidecar APIs
### Sidecar Health

> While the .NET SDK provides a way to poll for the sidecar health, it is not generally recommended that developer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the .NET SDK provides a way to poll for the sidecar health, it is generally not recommended and should not be required 
```

> utilize this functionality unless they are explicitly using Dapr to also retrieve secrets or configuration values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unless you are explicitly using Dapr to retrieve secrets or configuration values on startup.
```

There are two methods available:
- `CheckOutboundHealthAsync` which queries an outbound readiness endpoint in the Dapr Health API {{% ref health_api#wait-for-specific-health-check-against-outbound-path %}}
for a successful HTTP status code and reports readiness based on this value.
- `WaitForSidecarAsync` continuously polls `CheckOutboundHealthAsync` until it returns a successful status code.

> The "outbound" direction refers to the communication outbound from the Dapr runtime to your application. If your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "outbound" direction refers to communication outbound from the Dapr runtime (daprd) to your application. If your 
```

> application doesn't use actors, secret management, configuration retrieval or workflows, the runtime will not attempt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application doesn't use the Actor, Secrets, Configuration or Workflow APIs, the runtime will not attempt
```

> to create an outbound connection, meaning that if your application just takes a naive dependency on `WaitForSidecarAsync`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to create an outbound connection. This means that if your application takes a dependency on `WaitForSidecarAsync`
```

> without any of these Dapr components, it will indefinitely lock up during startup as the endpoint will never be established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without using any of these Dapr components, it will indefinitely lock up during startup as the endpoint will never be established.
```

A future release will remove these methods altogether and perform this as an internal SDK operation, so neither

> method should be relied on in general. Please reach out in the #dotnet-sdk channel in Discord for more clarification as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method should be relied on in general. Reach out in the Discord #dotnet-sdk channel for more clarification as
```

> to whether your scenario may necessitate using this, but in most situations, you should not use either of these methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to whether your scenario may necessitate using this, but in most situations, these methods should not be required.
```

> going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
